Inverter
Game Design Doc




















Game Overview
This game is an infinite side scrolling platformer. The player is a female pilot, Ace, who pilots the inverter through a deathstar like prison planet. 


High Concept
The player, a triangle, will dodge obstacles and gain score as he traverses the infinitely generated map. 
  

Prototype 
One level with a obstacles with a boss at the end. 


Unique selling point
A mix of classic shmups all about simple gameplay focused around shooting, and swapping colors to avoid damage.


Platform requirements
This game utilizes minimalistic graphics in order to provide a great user experience to all using minimal hardware requirements. Any relatively modern phone or computer should be able to run this game.
Jetpack joyride and geometry dash
Synopsis
A square dreams of being more round, he braves a gauntlet of pointy shapes by utilizing his ability to hover.
Game Objectives
The square hopes to survive as long as possible before it eventually succumbs to the pointy shapes.
Game Rules
The square is on a track and bound by the ceiling and the floor. He must dodge incoming obstacles by floating around the screen in the y-axis. The player earns score the longer they stay alive.
Game Structure
  

Gameplay
The player floats up and is pulled down by gravity. The player is controlled by very simple control scheme of a mouse click or button press on computer platforms and a simple screen touch on mobile platforms. On button/screen press the square goes up and on release gravity will pull it down.
Player
Player is a female ace pilot of the ship, The Inverter.


Art
Very simple minimalistic art focused primarily on simple shapes
Audio
Music that plays as the player traverses the map
MVP(Minimum Viable Product)
Built for mobile platform
Wishlist
Movement and motion controls
Multiple levels and bosses in a story mode
Upgraded assets










































Inverter


Auto scroller with color swap alien space prison theme


Mechanics:


Player-
        Tap to swap color


Lazers-
        Color 1 RED must be color red or primary color


        Color 2 BLUE must be color blue or secondary color


        Both primary and secondary color player must swap as they touch laser to parry


        Normal lasers just sit still for the player


        Moving lasers move towards the player (might change into blasts or even enemies)


        Pulsing lasers fade in and out


        Swapping lasers swap locations with other lasers 


Score - 
        Every passed laser is a 1 point


        Every parry laser is 2 points


        Both laser is 2 points


Level -
        
        Their is 1 level which has randomized sets of lazers between runs or generates lasers.
        
        These are separated by score.
        
        Example 1-50 only normal lasers




AD’s


On death players can watch ad’s to respawn. 
More ad’s the further they are and a cap of 3 ads
So if your passed 1000 lasers you can only respawn once.


(EXTRA)


Enemies- 
        
        If added:


        Bosses: bosses will appear after certain milestones 
100 lasers, 500, 800 then every 500




Boss 1: slowly moves towards player before randomly dashing. Swaps color before dashing


Boss 2 fires blast that is opposite of their color


Boss 3: ???


Grunts: Normal enemies that either run up between lasers and try to touch player must be parried


Some may run shoot and turn back, you must parry the shot instead.




        
        


Unlockables:


If bosses are added maybe make endless mode after all bosses are beaten 


*endless is always a option but I appears that you unlock it*


Colors 


        1 Green and Yellow Beat first boss


        2 Orange and Grey beat second boss


        3 pink and teal beat third boss


        4 black and white escape


        5 pass 10,000 lasers blood and cream


        6 Parry 1,000 lasers inverted colors




        Special - Pay to remove ads. Gold and Platnium $1.99


        Special - Support patrion ZandyDandy special colors $1 Purple and pink


        Special - Sub to Youtube -